welcome to loki episode 2 crammed
well in a 1985 renaissance fair minute
men do their usual timeline cleaning
only to end up being caught in a trap by
the hooded variant loki who has for
magic to take over another person's body
causing hunter c20 to fight her own
alongside viloki before she's dragged
away with all of their temporal doorway
equipment
ah loki in the meantime is boning up on
his nexus studies and the pseudo-living
nature of all of the technology in the
tva
it would seem that there have been a lot
of variants of the god of mischief
who've messed with the timeline over the
years
and realities that the organization has
had to prune out of existence before
but upon investigating the site of the
attack he takes the opportunity to spout
a whole load of bs in an attempt to
inflate his value and scare them into
giving him a meeting with one of the
timekeepers but
mobius spots the lie and the local area
is doused with a reset charge that
erases things back to the way they
should be before the local changes cause
a cascade effect into a branching
timeline
in some downtime with his boss mobia
still has to argue about using a loki of
their own because she believes he's a
waste of time
the timekeepers are apparently
monitoring the case very closely
but for truth is agent mobius has never
met them while loki does his best to
come across as still being useful for
the sake of another chance
so loki is made to do some actual
paperwork for the tva bureaucracy by
reading through the case files of his
current variant that's causing all the
trouble
he also tries to get his hands on
documents relating to the creation of
the tva and the limits of time itself
but those are classified the only thing
he's not yet
read are the files on himself where he
takes a moment over the destruction of
asgard however this gets him thinking a
time variant could do whatever they
wanted in a place that was about to be
destroyed because no matter how much
trouble you create changing the timeline
any mischief would be ultimately wiped
clean when the area gets annihilated
a variant could be hiding out in
imminent apocalyptic events to remain
undetectable to the tva so to prove a
point he convinces mobius to take them
to pompeii where his ruckus has no
effect on the timeline thanks to the
incoming pyroclastic cloud and
destruction of the local area
then they take some time out for a
discourse on free will and the command
of the timekeepers
who are apparently very busy untangling
all of the near infinite timelines at
the epilogue of existence while the tva
tidies up the day-to-day stuff
it would seem that everyone there was
directly created by the timekeepers for
this
and mobius is just happy to be working
there with a purpose
although he does dream of one day trying
a jet ski so they cross reference where
those candy bars were available with
areas about to be destroyed
to see whether loki variant might be
hiding out and the most likely result is
a mega mall in an alabama hurricane in
outside of the tva magic still works so
hunter b15 isn't going to let him out of
her sight
it looks like the variant loki is using
enchantment to communicate via proxies
who can transfer the role from one
person to another using touch our loki
tries convincing the other he's still
out for himself
feigning subservience to the tva because
his overall plan is to
overthrow the timekeepers something that
would go much easier with a little bit
of help from some more of himself
the rest locate hunter c20 from among
the refugees from the storm who are
doomed to die
but she's been forced to give up intel
about how to actually locate for
timekeepers
and this variant has been stealing a lot
of tva reset charges and doorway
technology
meanwhile after a conversational tussle
and a vacuum cleaner shizuku tribute
the actual loki variant reveals herself
who like
him is planning something far larger
than a shopping mall booby trap
she is the main protagonist loki of her
reality
and is just as devious using the stolen
doorway technology to actually scatter
all of the time charges on the brink of
detonation
across multiple locations in the core
timeline
messing with the flow of past present
and future events
and causing the tva to go into emergency
response
and with his own moral objectives
looking rather shady
our loki steps through after her before
agent mobius and the tva can reach them
oh my god so thanks a lot for watching
hit that subscribe button of course
and i'll see you for the next one take
care